# TalonOne.Model.BaseLoyaltyProgram
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Title** | **string** | The display title for the Loyalty Program. | [optional] 
**Description** | **string** | Description of our Loyalty Program. | [optional] 
**SubscribedApplications** | **List&lt;int&gt;** | A list containing the IDs of all applications that are subscribed to this Loyalty Program. | [optional] 
**DefaultValidity** | **string** | The default duration after which new loyalty points should expire. Can be &#39;unlimited&#39; or a specific time. The time format is a number followed by one letter indicating the time unit, like &#39;30s&#39;, &#39;40m&#39;, &#39;1h&#39;, &#39;5D&#39;, &#39;7W&#39;, or 10M&#39;. These rounding suffixes are also supported: - &#39;_D&#39; for rounding down. Can be used as a suffix after &#39;D&#39;, and signifies the start of the day. - &#39;_U&#39; for rounding up. Can be used as a suffix after &#39;D&#39;, &#39;W&#39;, and &#39;M&#39;, and signifies the end of the day, week, and month.  | [optional] 
**DefaultPending** | **string** | The default duration of the pending time after which points should be valid. Can be &#39;immediate&#39; or a specific time. The time format is a number followed by one letter indicating the time unit, like &#39;30s&#39;, &#39;40m&#39;, &#39;1h&#39;, &#39;5D&#39;, &#39;7W&#39;, or 10M&#39;. These rounding suffixes are also supported: - &#39;_D&#39; for rounding down. Can be used as a suffix after &#39;D&#39;, and signifies the start of the day. - &#39;_U&#39; for rounding up. Can be used as a suffix after &#39;D&#39;, &#39;W&#39;, and &#39;M&#39;, and signifies the end of the day, week, and month.  | [optional] 
**AllowSubledger** | **bool** | Indicates if this program supports subledgers inside the program. | [optional] 
**UsersPerCardLimit** | **int** | The max amount of user profiles with whom a card can be shared. This can be set to 0 for no limit. This property is only used when &#x60;cardBased&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**Sandbox** | **bool** | Indicates if this program is a live or sandbox program. Programs of a given type can only be connected to Applications of the same type. | [optional] 
**ProgramJoinPolicy** | **string** | The policy that defines when the customer joins the loyalty program.   - &#x60;not_join&#x60;: The customer does not join the loyalty program but can still earn and spend loyalty points.       **Note**: The customer does not have a program join date.   - &#x60;points_activated&#x60;: The customer joins the loyalty program only when their earned loyalty points become active for the first time.   - &#x60;points_earned&#x60;: The customer joins the loyalty program when they earn loyalty points for the first time.  | [optional] 
**TiersExpirationPolicy** | **string** | The policy that defines which date is used to calculate the expiration date of a customer&#39;s current tier.  - &#x60;tier_start_date&#x60;: The tier expiration date is calculated based on when the customer joined the current tier.  - &#x60;program_join_date&#x60;: The tier expiration date is calculated based on when the customer joined the loyalty program.  - &#x60;customer_attribute&#x60;: The tier expiration date is calculated based on a custom customer attribute.  - &#x60;absolute_expiration&#x60;: The tier expires on a specified date and time. **Note**: For absolute expiration, it is required to provide a &#x60;tiersStartDate.&#x60;  | [optional] 
**TiersStartDate** | **DateTime** | Timestamp at which the tier starts for all customers.  **Note**: This is only required when the tier expiration policy is set to &#x60;absolute_expiration&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**TiersExpireIn** | **string** | The amount of time after which the tier expires.  The time format is an **integer** followed by one letter indicating the time unit. Examples: &#x60;30s&#x60;, &#x60;40m&#x60;, &#x60;1h&#x60;, &#x60;5D&#x60;, &#x60;7W&#x60;, &#x60;10M&#x60;, &#x60;15Y&#x60;.  Available units:  - &#x60;s&#x60;: seconds - &#x60;m&#x60;: minutes - &#x60;h&#x60;: hours - &#x60;D&#x60;: days - &#x60;W&#x60;: weeks - &#x60;M&#x60;: months - &#x60;Y&#x60;: years  You can round certain units up or down: - &#x60;_D&#x60; for rounding down days only. Signifies the start of the day. - &#x60;_U&#x60; for rounding up days, weeks, months and years. Signifies the end of the day, week, month or year.  | [optional] 
**TiersDowngradePolicy** | **string** | Customers&#39;s tier downgrade policy.  - &#x60;one_down&#x60;: Once the tier expires and if the user doesn&#39;t have enough points to stay in the tier, the user is downgraded one tier down.  - &#x60;balance_based&#x60;: Once the tier expires, the user&#39;s tier is evaluated based on the amount of active points the user has at this instant.  | [optional] 
**CardCodeSettings** | [**CodeGeneratorSettings**](CodeGeneratorSettings.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

